New version 0.3.0
-----------------

This version includes the following changes:

1) Changed configuration file format to a INI like format.
2) Added support for multiples game servers.
3) Better handling of SIGHUP signal used to reload the configurations
   files.
4) Server can send information about processes to the clients.
5) New format of users file add the indexes of processes allowed for a
   user.
6) The users are checked before deal with a process.
7) Added spanish documentation about configuration and network protocol.


Version 0.2.5
-------------

This version includes:

1) Manage SIGHUP signal to reload the configuration and users files.
2) Improved exiting method when the program receives a signal.


Version 0.2.4
-------------

This release contains the following changes:

1) Now Client::Disconnect also removes the send flag in	the sockets
   list.
2) Fixed size value passed to snprintf and vsnprintf functions.
3) Increased the length of string that holds the application's version
   to include a larger value.
4) Removed innecesary variable 'connections' in Network class.
5) Fixed Network class which was not sending ErrorServerFull packet
   when disconnect a client because server is full.
6) Now we free the memory assigned to tmout after to call the
   SignalEvent method of Network class and 'timeout' is now deleted in
   the destructor.


Version 0.2.3
-------------

This release includes:

1) Added a new parameter to Main::DataEvent to check when the server is
   sending a packet to the client.
2) The signal SIGPIPE is now catched to avoid that the program crashes.
3) Now a watch is removed when the client is dropped by the server.


Version 0.2.2
-------------

This release fixes a bug who can cause the program to receive a SIGPIPE
when a connected user dies unexpectedly without send a disconnect
packet.


Version 0.2.1
-------------

This version enables to the client to get disconnected sending only a
SessionDisconnect packet. It was released to be compatible with the
0.2.0 version of SAGS Client.


Version 0.2.0
-------------

This version includes the following changes:

1) The linked lists are now derived from a class List. This enables a
   better control on memory assignations. This includes the client list,
   socket list, etc. and in the future a process list to manage various
   process of game servers.

2) The length of the process's logs is now in bytes. The configuration
   variable HistoryLines has been renamed to HistoryLength. The default
   value is 10240 bytes or 10 KB. Don't forget to change this variable
   in your configuration.

3) Added error messages to the network protocol. Now the server can
   indicate a reason for desconnection of the client.

4) The version of client's protocol is now checked and compared with
   the version of the server's protocol. 

